# spinningWheel

Reusable custom web component communicatig with environment with attributes. Still under developement.
Full description will be finished as soon as this is finished.


## File list:

### reusableNotWheelRelated
Folder for elements that can be used in other projects, that are not related to spinning wheel.
#### button.js
A button with <code>data-label</code> attribute to set buttons caption. Has styling implemented in shadow DOM
#### colorPresenter.js
This depended on colorGenerator.js is just for presentation of colors generated by colorGenerator
#### modal.js
This is a custom web component with shadow DOM. Is defined by <code>hidable-modal</code> and its content can be nested inside. Has <code>data-visible</code> attribute that if set to true will cause modal to display, if set to false will cause modal to hide. This modal is always in DOM. Just its display css property changes. <b>Beware</b>: because shadow DOM is used for implementation, external styling will not leak inside. That is why this modal is good for wrapping other shadow DOM elements.
#### infoModal.js
This component is extension of modal.js, however its intention is to show a text message that is nested inside. It is removed from the DOM after click on it. It has to be placed again every time it is used.
#### showHideButton.js
Not used here. Will be removed later. This button changes its caption after click

### wrapWheelAndSpinningWheelComponents
#### wheelManager.js
This is a mediator thats task is to bind every subscriber in a way, that changing one of subscribers causes all other subscribers to align with this change. It is designed to work with spinning wheel and editor componinet. However after adding a entry to this.supportedNodeNames it is capable of supporting any element that has a nusigned html list nested. It is has <code>data-subscribers-ids</code> attibute, that takes a string of IDs of supported elements that will be subscribed. IDs have to be coma separated. There is a nesetd <code>ul</code> in this element. This is a master list that will be applied to each subscriber. After subscribers <code>ul</code> element changes this master list also changes and aligns all other subscribers.

Example:
&lt;spinning-wheel id = id1>&lt;.spinning-wheel>
&lt;spinning-wheel id = id1>&lt;.spinning-wheel>
&lt;spinning-wheel id = id1>&lt;.spinning-wheel>
&lt;wheel-alike-components-mediator data-subscribers-ids = 'id1, id2, id3">
     &lt;ul>
        &lt;li data-label = "1">Content 1&lt;/li>
        &lt;li data-label = "2">Content 2&lt;/li>
     &lt;/ul>
&lt;/wheel-alike-components-mediator>

Now after spinning a first wheel all toher wheels will also change their undigned lists to aligh with first wheel. Clicking any other wheel will align each subscribed element.
#### colorGenerator.js
This class generates a array of color objects {fg:rgb, bg:rgb} with colors calculated for background and foreground. This colors will not repeat, will contrast. FOreground will be visible on background. 50 colors may be chosen, If seed is set to more then 50 colors, there is an error telling, that more colors will not be distinguishable.
#### testStatisticsSpinningWheel
This is a specialy prepared spinningWheel component for statistical testing. It runs without animations, so is faster. Can be spinned many times in short period, just to see if spinning algoritm gives evenly different indexes
#### countWinningStatistics.js
This component is used to test testStatisticSp9inningWheel. It runs virtual (not added to DOM) spinning wheel a number of times and reports how many times each index was chosen. This component may be put inside a modal
